About me:
Szia, a nevem Marton Gergelyi. 22 eves vagyok, egyetemista.
Magyarorszagon szulettem, anyanyelvem a magyar, de magas szinten beszelek angolul is.
Regota foglalkoztat az infomacios technologia es a kreativ tervezes.
Kreativitasom sok teruleten kiprobaltam mar es ezek kozul a fejlesztesben latok nagy karrirert.
A programozas szamomra egy uj lepcsofok es velemenyem szerint elkerulhetetlen,
hogy egy nap az emberek nagy resze tudjon legalabb egy programozasi nyelvet.
Szorgalmas, rugalmas es gyorsan tanulo embernek tartom magam, aki konnyen dolgozik
csapatban vagy akar egyedul.

Hi, my name is Marton Gergelyi. I am 22 years old, a university student.
I was born in Hungary, I speak Hungarian fluently and I also speak English at a high level.
I have been interested in information technology and creative design for several years.
I tested my creativity in many areas, but I see a great career
in web development and IT security.
Programming is a new mile stone for me. In my opinion, it is unavoidable, that
one day the majority of people will know at least one programming language.
I consider myself hardworking, flexible and quick, who works hard
in a team or even alone.

-------------------------------------------------------

2020-ban keztem Magyarorszagon, Szegeden az egyetemet, ahol eloszor programtervezo informatika
szakon tanultam, majd valtottam uzemmernok informatikara. Ez ido alatt tanultam halozat epitesrol,
webfejlesztesrol, adatbaziskezelesrol, tobb programnyelvvel is dolgoztam, csapatban es onalloan is.
Peldaul Python, Scala, Javascript, C/C++, HTML es CSS.
Alapveto kezsegeim koze tartozik a git es terminal hasznalat, kanban, agilis fejlesztesi
metodusok alkalmazasa.
Onalloan kepzem magam Clojure es Clojurescript nyelven es webdesign-t is tanulok.
2022 szeptembereben Irorszagba koltoztem hogy nemzetkozi nyelvtudast szerezzek
az iskolaban tanultak melle valamint elvegezzek kulfoldi kurzusokat is.



In 2020, I started university in Szeged, Hungary, where for the first time,
I studied in the field of software/program design engineering,
then switched to IT engineering. During this time, I learned about network building,
web development, database management and several programming languages
both in a team and independently, for example Python, Scala, Javascript, C/C++, HTML and CSS.
My basic skills include the use of git and terminal, kanban and agile development methods.
I am currently training myself in Clojure and Clojurescript and am also learning web design.
In September 2022, I moved in Ireland to acquire international language skills
in addition to what I learned at school and find IT courses that suit my interests.

-------------------------------------------------------

Celom a tanulas es a fejlodes. Ez mozgat engem elore hogy Fullstack webfejleszto legyek
a jovoben, addig szeretnem kiprobalni magam minel tobb teruleten.
Ennek erdekeben hajlando vagyok utazni orszagon belul vagy akar orszagok kozott is.
A lenyeg hogy talaljak egy osszetarto, megerto es kegitokesz csapatot akikkel dolgozhatok majd.
Nem riadok vissza a nagy vallalati kornyezettol sem,
de szivesen dolgoznek kisebb cegeknek egyarant. A kreativ munka az idealis szamomra,
mint ahogy a programozasban ugy a maganeletben egyarant.
Erdeklodesi koromben az IT biztonsag is helyet foglal, ezert nem zarom ki
annak a lehetoseget, hogy etikus hacker-kent is elhelyezkedjek.



My goal is to learn and develop. This moves me forward to become a Fullstack web developer,
until then I would like to test myself in as many areas as possible.
For this goal, I am willing to travel within the country or even between countries.
The goal is to find a cooperative, understanding and friendly team with whom I can work.
I don't shy away from the big corporate environment either.
but I would gladly work for smaller companies at the same time. Creative work is ideal for me,
as in programming and in private life.
I am also interested in IT security, so I do not rule it out
the possibility of getting a job as an ethical hacker.

-------------------------------------------------------

A programozas mellett zenevel is foglalkozom. Dalszoveget irok, zenet komponalok
es mixelek. Szovegirassal mar egy evtizede foglalkozom de csak 3 eve irok zenehez.
2019-ben jatszottam zenekarban basszusgitaroskent es enekeskent, majd ezutan onallo
karrierbe kezdtem hiphop eloadokent. 2022-ben megismerkedtem a mixelessel majd kesobb
studio szoftverekkel is. Ilyen peldaul az Ableton. Nem csak a hiphop az egyetlen mufaj
ami lekot. A drum and bass vilaga szamomra egy olyan uj hangzast mutatott, ami eleg
komplex es energikus ahhoz hogy mindig ujat tudjon mutatni. Jelenleg ket neven tevekenykedem,
foleg soundcloudon es youtubeon. 


In addition to programming, I also deal with music. I write lyrics and compose music
and I mix. I've been writing lyrics for about a decade, but I've only been writing lyrics for music for 3 years.
In 2019, I played in a band as a bass guitarist and singer, and then independently
I started my career as a hip-hop artist. I started mixing in 2022 and later
also working with music composing softwares. Ableton is such an example. Hip-hop is not the only genre
that keeps me engaged. The world of Drum and Bass showed me a new sound that is enough
complex and energetic to always be able to show something new. At the moment I have two names,
it's on soundcloud and youtube.